Add info about tags in documentation (#543)
IntelPython/numba-dppy: CONTRIBUTING.md

cd docs/_build/html && python -m http.server 8000
```

> Don't forget to change the tag number in `docs/conf.py` before generating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to change the version in `docs/conf.py` before generating.
```

```python

> release = "tag.version"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release = "<VERSION>"
```
